Do you bully people like that?
Why are you being so rude to my guests?
Hurry up and untie my guest. This is
Who are you? What are you doing?
It doesn't matter who I am
The important thing is can I help you?
Dare to blatantly charge the two of us
Why should I believe you?
You two are having a hard time right now, aren't you?
Zuojia went bankrupt and his reputation plummeted
The Mo family was also squeezed out of the back door ring by the wealthy families of Sioucheng
And all this
It's all caused by a person called Zuo Yin, right?
It's my left eye that hurts me
I will let him die
There we go.
I share your goals
Han Chen
Our company suddenly received a sum of money.
50 million in capital.
I also received it yesterday.
Do you know what's going on?
50 million is just your meet and greet gift
As long as you do as I tell you
Don't talk about Sioux City giants
It was Kyoto.
There shall be no place for you
Is this the strength of the wealthy family in Kyoto?
How can we help you today?